hi this is Chris from request my kitchen
today
because I have some avocado fruit I wish
to share with you to almost the end of
December and I wound up with these this
avocado fruit as result of some
deliveries I just did recently posing as
Santa kado and on my left I have the
fruit of Jim bacon Jim bacon was a
commercially produced avocado fruit in
California Oh through the 30s 40s 50s
60s and then fell out of favor as other
varieties came into production
recently Jim bacon has come back into
production for homeowner sales and then
on the other side here I have the lamb
Haws that I have been selling to the
public for about eight or ten years now
lamb Haws is still a relatively new
cause avocado for to the market there's
a lot of reasons why you won't find it
in supermarkets very often most of it
has to do with the normal size cause
avocado granted this avocado is a little
bit smaller than many of the Haws this
is a Chilean import this time of year
you can find avocados and supermarkets
from Chile from Mexico and the
supermarkets would like you to buy
avocados in quantity now package of five
or ten where you can see if well right
here is little Haws avocado fruit
compared to lamb Haws well you're just
not going to buy as many lamb Haws
although you should these are
exceptionally tasty but they'd rather
slay the dinky little Haws
from Mexico or Chile in large quantities
then try and market California grown
lamb Haws and the same would be true for
bacon bacon you won't find in the
supermarkets because it's really hard to
get people accustomed to other avocado
fruit bacon and Jim bacon are not well
known for great flavor
although Jim bacon is definitely flavor
more flavorful than bacon Jim bacon is
also a great winter producer and a
awesome pollinator for Hawes trees so
you have a bee variety fruit which is
Jim bacon and then you have an a variety
fruit which is Haws outside of a few
small climate pockets in California and
elsewhere you need one of these trees
and one of these trees to get effective
pollination I'm not used to having lamb
Hass fruit this time of year I've always
been told that lamb Haws is done and out
of production by the end of September
but I was done in Fallbrook recently and
as at a farm fruit stand and the fruit
stand manager who is very knowledgeable
about the local avocado production
assured me that he's had consistent
delivery of lamb Hosford in December for
many years now so I'm gonna have to
update the website and the information
that depending upon your practices and
your climate you also can expect to have
lamb at least through December and then
by the end of December to January when
surprised cause for kicks in I've
actually not ever eaten al Jim bacon
avocado so Divya without any M my
favorite things to put on avocados
Italian dressing ranch dressing a whole
bunch of other things a little twist
lemon I'll just go for a simple scoop of
Jim bacon one reason why bacon and zoo
tano are not widely sold as people don't
like the low oil content or high water
content of the fruit but I have a
customer recently who swore that Jim
bacon was among the best avocados he'd
eaten so I'll say that the Jim bacon
definitely does not have the watery
flavor that a zoo tano or a bacon would
have in fact quite creamy very delicious
these are actually not store-bought Haws
except for that one right there the my
wife picked up Caesar little Haws that
fell off a huge tree that I delivered
and I was wondering if they would ripen
ahead of time the ripening period would
be March but they did their well enough
to o develop to ripen as it was
and even as young as they are I still
have fairly decent flavor not the oil
content you would expect of a Haws when
it reaches maturity and I can tell you
that if you were to get Jim bacon and
plant them in your yard you would
definitely enjoy this fruit very good
scooping avocado ping I have the lamb
Haws which you can see provides an
immense amount of fruit pit is not huge
it's obviously much larger than other
avocado pits but not by much
lamb Haws is definitely known as a
quality high oil content and just scoops
like butter I mean let the spoon is
moving through here like it was warm
butter so very good oil content mmm
really good flavor this is you wonders
your hair and skin
so excellent quality fruit facilities we
already knew that lamb Haws but more
information that it can be harvested
much later into the season by at least
three months more than previously
thought
jim bacon which it turned produces fruit
of the early age in a large amount and
has better flavor than the previously
sold that marketed bacon avocado and
definitely far better than zoo tano so
there's some avocado updated updated
information for you